Fix failing load array test (#1097)
pyansys/pymapdl: doc/source/user_guide/parameters.rst

For a full listing of the methods and attributes available to the
``Parameters`` class, please reference the :ref:`ref_parameters_api`.

> Especially Named Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specially Named Parameters
```

> Especially Named Parameters
> ===========================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.. _ref_special_named_param:

Specially Named Parameters
==========================
```

Leading Underscored Parameters
------------------------------

The parameters starting with underscore (``'_'``) are reserved parameters

> for MAPDL macros and routines, therefore its use is discouraged, and

Reviewer: "routines, their use is discouraged, and in PyMAPDL you cannot set them directly."

> The parameters starting with underscore (``'_'``) are reserved parameters
> for MAPDL macros and routines, therefore its use is discouraged, and
> in PyMAPDL you cannot set them by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The parameters starting with underscore (``'_'``) are reserved parameters
for MAPDL macros and routines. Their use is discouraged, and in PyMAPDL
you cannot set them directly.
```

> If you need to set one of this parameters, you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to set one of these parameters, you can use
```

:attr:`Mapdl._run <ansys.mapdl.core.Mapdl._run>`
to avoid PyMAPDL parameter name checks. For example

.. code:: python

   >>> mapdl._run('_parameter=123')
   'PARAMETER _PARAMETER =     123.00000000'

> By default, this type of parameters cannot be seen when issuing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this type of parameter cannot be seen when issuing
```

:attr:`Mapdl.parameters <ansys.mapdl.core.Mapdl.parameters>`.
However, you can change this by setting
:attr:`Mapdl.parameters.show_leading_underscore_parameters 
<ansys.mapdl.core.Mapdl.parameters.show_leading_underscore_parameters>`
equal to ``True``.
For example:

.. code:: python

   >>> mapdl.parameters.show_leading_underscore_parameters=True
   >>> mapdl.parameters
   MAPDL Parameters
   ----------------
   PORT                             : 50053.0
   _RETURN                          : 0.0
   _STATUS                          : 0.0
   _UIQR                            : 17.0

Trailing Underscored Parameters
-------------------------------

> The parameters ending underscore are recommend for user routines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameters ending with an underscore are recommend for user routines
```

and macros.

> You can set this type of parameters in PyMAPDL, but by default,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set this type of parameter in PyMAPDL, but by default,
```

they cannot be seen in
:attr:`Mapdl.parameters <ansys.mapdl.core.Mapdl.parameters>`, unless
:attr:`Mapdl.parameters.show_trailing_underscore_parameters 
<ansys.mapdl.core.Mapdl.parameters.show_trailing_underscore_parameters>`
is set to ``True``.

.. code:: python

   >>> mapdl.parameters['param_'] = 1.0
   >>> mapdl.parameters
   MAPDL Parameters
   ----------------
   >>> mapdl.parameters.show_trailing_underscore_parameters=True
   >>> mapdl.parameters
   MAPDL Parameters
   ----------------
   PARAM_                           : 1.0

Parameters with Leading and Trailing Underscore
-----------------------------------------------

> These are an especial type of parameters. They **CANNOT** be seen

Reviewer: These are a special type of parameter. They **CANNOT** be seen in :attr:`Mapdl.parameters <ansys.mapdl.core.Mapdl.parameters>` under any circumstances, and therefore their use is not recommended.

> These are an especial type of parameters. They **CANNOT** be seen
> in :attr:`Mapdl.parameters <ansys.mapdl.core.Mapdl.parameters>`
> under any circumstances, and because of it, it uses is not recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These are a special type of parameter. They **CANNOT** be seen in :attr:`Mapdl.parameters <ansys.mapdl.core.Mapdl.parameters>` under any circumstances. Their use is not recommended.
```

You can still retrieve them using any of the normal methods

> to retrieve parameters. But you shall know the parameter name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to retrieve parameters. But you need to know the parameter name.
```

For example:

.. code:: python

   >>> mapdl.parameters["_param_"] = 1.0
   >>> mapdl.parameters
   MAPDL Parameters
   ----------------
   >>> print(mapdl.parameters['_param_'])
   1.0

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.. _ref_numpy_arrays_in_mapdl:
```

Issues when Importing and Exporting Numpy Arrays in MAPDL
=========================================================

Because of the way MAPDL is designed, there is no way to store an

> array whose one of its dimension is zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
array where one or more dimension is zero.
```

This can happens in Numpy arrays, where its first dimension can be
set to zero.

.. code:: python

   >>> import numpy
   >>> from ansys.mapdl.core import launch_mapdl
   >>> mapdl = launch_mapdl()

>    >>> array40 = np.reshape([1,2,3, 4], (4,))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   >>> array40 = np.reshape([1, 2, 3, 4], (4,))
```

   >>> array40
   array([1, 2, 3, 4])

These types of array dimensions will be always converted to ``1``.
For example:

.. code:: python

   >>> mapdl.parameters['mapdlarray40'] = array40
   >>> mapdl.parameters['mapdlarray40']
   array([[1.],
      [2.],
      [3.],
      [4.]])
   >>> mapdl.parameters['mapdlarray40'].shape
   (4, 1)

This means that when you pass two arrays, one with the second axis equal

> to zero (i.e. ``array40``) and another one with the second axis equal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to zero (e.g. ``array40``) and another one with the second axis equal
```

to one, if later retrieved, they will have the same
shape.

.. code:: python

>    >>> array41 = np.reshape([1,2,3, 4], (4,1))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   >>> array41 = np.reshape([1, 2, 3, 4], (4,1))
```

   >>> array41
   array([[1],
      [2],
      [3],
      [4]])
   >>> mapdl.parameters['mapdlarray41'] = array41
   >>> mapdl.parameters['mapdlarray41']
   array([[1.],
      [2.],
      [3.],
      [4.]])

>    >>> np.allclose(mapdl.parameters['mapdlarray40'] == assert mapdl.parameters['mapdlarray41'])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   >>> np.allclose(mapdl.parameters['mapdlarray40'], mapdl.parameters['mapdlarray41'])
```
